Disable auto quality updates (#8790)
cvat-ai/cvat: site/content/en/docs/manual/advanced/analytics-and-monitoring/auto-qa.md

and the Ground Truth job is configured, quality analytics becomes available
for the task and its jobs.

> When you open the quality analytics page, you will see quality metrics from the last
> quality estimation. The first time the page is opened, there is no quality report to
> be displayed yet. You can find the last computation date next to the report downloading
> button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you open the Quality Analytics page, it displays quality metrics from the most recent quality estimation.
If it's your first time accessing the page, no quality report will be available yet.
The date of the last computation is shown next to the report download button.
```

> If you want to request an update quality metrics in a task (e.g. after the settings were changed),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to request updating quality metrics in a task (e.g. after the settings were changed),
```
